add writeup for Jan 2025 (#229)
remotehack/remotehack.github.io: _hacks/57.md

## Stuff people did

- **Max** opened up a _WHOLE_ can of worms by suggesting that Adam should check out deepseek on LM Studio, and that basically ended Adam's hackday. He then advocated for a coffee product he was clearly receiving remuneration for, like so many Reverend Lovejoys.

- **Ben** continued work on doing viz stuff with audio in the browser. He continued the hack numerous days later by updating the contact info for the site, which the Constant Gardener definitely appreciates.

- **Adam** got stuck down the LM Studio rabbithole, but his computer _only_ has 16GB of RAM and so it does not belong in the age of AI. Once that was completed with absolutely nothing to show for it, he pivoted to trying to get playwright to automatically sign into a playground at https://labs.iximiuz.com/playgrounds, and had another round of negative infinity success getting playwright to actually type anything in the terminal emulator in the browser.

- **Panda** showed up in the discord chat, claimed to be joining in a few, but the chat has no record of anything actually done, so I have nothing to expound on here.

> - **Hugh** got right into appreciating Ben's stuff and then pulled a Panda and disappeared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Hugh** got right into appreciating Ben's stuff and then showed up late and missed most folks, but got to spend some great time talking to Panda before working on an implementation of a fundamental frequency estimation algorithm.
```
